chen_by, omerrubi
204654172, 203678289
EX: 2

FILES:
Thread.cpp -- consists of class Thread, a single thread object
Thread.h -- Thread headers
uthreads.cpp -- uthreads library

REMARKS:


ANSWERS:


Question 1:

User level thraeds are good if we want to handle a large user-demanded calculation, which is not at top priority, 
and in the same time we still want to be able to handle basic or light other tasks quickly.
User level threads are a reasonable choice here because they are perfect for quick and rather non-demanding tasks - 
they are spawned faster than kernal level threads, and switch faster (as there is no OS priority to be done).



question 2:

Advantages:
   - Every tab is independent, so even if a single tab fails or collapses - all other tabs will keep functioning 
	and will remain good.
   - Every tab has it's own resources, therefore if a single tab is very demanding - it will not slow down the other tabs.
   
Disadvantages:
   - High overhead transferring proccesses, as oppose to faster transfer between threads.
   - High resource use.
   - Expensive communication between proccesses.


Question 3:

As asked, we opened the shell and terminated a proccess. The following proccess was issued:
	- The keyboard sent an I\O interrupt to the OS, and the OS responded by printing words to the shell. 
	- We then gave the order to kill the proccess, and that caused the OS to send a SIG_KILL command. 
	- Upon sending that command, the OS sends the command to the proccess with that id.
	The proccess can be terminated in one of two ways: 
		- if it has it's own terminator, it will terminate itself "safely" and "neatly".
		- if not, the OS will terminate.


Question 4:

Virtual time - the time when the proccess is using the CPU (i.e. actually executing).
Real time - the total time the proccess used the OS, which includes overhead, swithcing etc.

virtual time can be used for scheduling threads (i.e for OS use), and real time can be used for user information
(for example, when installing a program - how long did it take so far or how much more should it approximately take).





